Adding instructions on using Mnemonic seed to backup account (#713)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn-account-restore.md

![restore-complete-polkadot](assets/accounts/polkadot_restore_complete.png)

> ### Using an existing Mnemonic Seed to backup an Account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using an existing Mnemonic Seed to restore an Account
```

> If you've already created an account but are looking to have it backed up, you can do that by using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've already created an account but are looking to have it restored, you can do that by using
```

the Polkadot.js UI and the existing mnemonic seed.

To start, you'll need to open up the [Polkadot.js UI](https://polkadot.js.org/apps) and head over to
the accounts tab. Click on the "Add Account" button, and fill out with the prompted details: a name
for the account, a password, and be sure to replace the generated mnemonic seed with your _existing
seed_. Note here that when you replace the generated mnemonic seed with your existing one, you

> aren't actually creating a new account, rather adding that account onto the Polkadot.js UI.

Reviewer: Perhaps make a note that the name and password of the account only apply to the restored copy and do not need to match the name and password originally defined, if any.

Author: Great point! I'll add that in

![restore-using-json](assets/accounts/polkadot-js-existing-json.png)

Now that those details have been filled in, you will need to click on the "Save" button. This will

> prompt a screen to appear. To backup your existing account, press on the "Create and backup account"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prompt a screen to appear. To back up your existing account, press on the "Create and backup account"
```

> button. This will download the `.json` file which contains the accounts data to be used in account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
button. This will download the `.json` file which contains the data to be used in account
```

restoration.

> There we go! Now you've successfully backed up your existing account with its mnemonic seed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There we go! Now you've successfully restored and backed up your account using its mnemonic seed.
```
